
 Dhoni: There are people all around , there are cars parked all around . There are people on the street . You look ahead , there are thousands of people , you look behind , there's thousands of people and everybody had a smile on their face . None of them were sitting in the car , all of them were outside . 
 Mandira Bedi: Here's the thing , I'm sure you've noticed this , that every time you come for an event , there's a standing ovation like this . It's um you are referred to very often as a , as a legend . How does that feel ? That's a priceless feeling in itself , isn't 
 Dhoni: it ? But it feels very old to start off because uh to be called a first of all , I don't believe I'm a legend , but to be called a legend , which means you have spent a lot of time on the field on the field , depending on whichever stream you come from . Whether you are from Bollywood , whether you're from cricket or any other sport or business , banking , any sector , there's a 
 Mandira Bedi: survey where the results revealed that you are the second most admired man in India Taia with J that is a big deal . 2nd , 2nd to whom ? Second to our prime minister . 
 Dhoni: Well , I think I can stand in the election . I think if I ever want to get into politics I'll have to really study a lot , you know , do a lot of changes and , you know , then maybe I'll be able to adapt . Uh , but , you know , it , it's a big thing to be admired by so many people . And , you know , thanks to cricket . If I was not playing cricket , don't , I don't think , you know , there'll be so many people who would be admiring me . And a lot of times people say , oh , you are very lucky . You know , I love when people say that and I just tell them , you know , it's not like I am lucky just that the number of people I meet and the connect that I have with the people . They are the ones who pray for me , you know , and that's why I'm so lucky . It's not like , you know , I , I was born lucky , but over the years it has happened that , you know , whenever there's a 5050 scenario , more often than not , you know , it turns in , in the favor of us , you know , whether it's me as an individual or as a team . So , you know , being lucky is important . But at the same time , I think , uh the admiration and uh it's something , you know , uh you know , you , you feel a lot more satisfied looking at , you know , the kind of ovation you get wherever you go and the kind of love and affection that people show towards you . 
 Mandira Bedi: We talk about luck in just a minute . I'm going to make a prediction here . It's , it is gonna happen . I see it , MS Dhoni Prime Minister of the country a couple of years from now . That is a possibility . I really believe , I really believe . And then when this happens , you said Mandira predicted it . OK , sitting on stage talking to D 
 Dhoni: but I think that's more pressure than you know , trying to win the World Cup . You imagine , especially with the banking sector and the GDP is going down . You know , the financial deficit is happening , the export , import , all that thing . We are a big country , the number of people that in itself is a big challenge . You know , we talk about , you know , local trains or buses or roads , but we are just too big and it will take time , you know , for us to become what some of the other countries are . But I always felt till your intention is right . And you're moving forward thinking that this is what is good for the country or the state . You know , that is the right 
 Mandira Bedi: decision . We've seen a world cup win , we've seen a T 20 World Cup win . We've seen India at number one ranked at number one for 18 months in the test format . So you've given our country many , many , many priceless moments , a big round of applause for that ladies and gentlemen . But what would you say is your priceless moment as far as your , the cricketing career is concerned . A as captain and B as player . 
 Dhoni: Well , the answer would be very different . You know , a lot of people would be expecting . Ok , this is something that he would pick . That is something that he would pick . But uh the two special moments , uh first , I would say it was just after the 2007 T 20 World Cup , we landed in Mumbai . So for a lot of us , we are part of the team that went to England and from England , we got selected and we went to South Africa for the T 20 World Cup . So one we were coming back and that day it was very cloudy and you know , it was raining . So we started our descent . We were about to land and I look outside , I'm like , you know what it's raining . There would be nobody to receive us . We shall book all our flights and we'll go back to our respective cities because we have been out for so long . So we land and even before immigration , there were like loads of people to receive us . And I still remember we were in a double decker bus . It was an open top 
 Mandira Bedi: bus . You can forget that experience raining cloud 
 Dhoni: and it took us literally five hours from the airport to the Wang Stadium . We all got wet . We were in the bus , we dried up somehow . We again got wet because in between again , it was raining . So it happened like twice or thrice and then the most memorable moment came . So what is called a queen's necklace ? We are right in the center . There are people all around their cars parked all around . There are people on the street . You look ahead , there are thousands of people , you look behind . There's thousands of people and everybody had a smile on their face . None of them were sitting in the car , all of them were outside , they were having their cameras , they had that smile , they were clicking pictures . I don't know how many of them actually missed their flights or were very late for work . It was not late . It would have been very late for work , but that's , that's what meant to them . You know , we were thinking , ok , we'll go back home and then the kind of response we got . And also we don't really have anything to compare it to because 2011 , we won . But there was no celebration like that like this because we never went out . Nothing really happened . Even the time when we won , we were in the stadium till 1130 . And we actually like , I personally actually didn't see the people celebrate on the street , whatever we saw was on television . So , you know , that was a very memorable moment . The second would be , it was during the 2011 World Cup , it was during the finals , we were sitting in not sitting , we were playing at Wang and it was like 10 or 15 runs were needed . And me and you Raj , we were batting and all of a sudden the crowd , they start singing the song one day . 
 Mandira Bedi: Oh my God . That 
 Dhoni: gives me right in the middle and imagine 35 40,000 people , you know , saying one day mam . So it used to start from , let's say if it started from North , stand your ears actually move because it goes around . So that would be my second most memorable moment or one or two . You know , I can't really stack it saying this was the preferred moment , but it was something that was very , very special . And I don't know if I would ever be able to witness something like that because you may have 40,000 people singing the national anthem or singing the national song . But the atmosphere , the moment , uh the hard work that was put for that 4550 days , you know , during the World Cup , whether it will come or not , you know . So I feel these are the two priceless moment when it comes to my cricketing career and there have been lots of other moments , but these two I think were very , very priceless . You know , to me , what 
 Mandira Bedi: advice would you give a youngster today who's getting into ? Um into cricket or sport , any kind of competitive sport . Maybe 
 Dhoni: the youngsters today , the only piece of advice I would give them , which was very relevant when I made my debut or people in the eighties played cricket is the core you take care of cricket . Everything else will take care of itself . 
 Mandira Bedi: So this is you your social media . I follow you on Instagram . He has got a lot , lots of videos and lots of images of your beautiful little daughter . Tell us or share with us . One of the most priceless moments that you you've had with her . 
 Dhoni: I think the most priceless moment was after the World Cup when we came back and Saki and Ziva , they were still in Delhi at that point of time . And the first time I saw her , I picked her up and she must be two months or 1.5 months and she made a lot of noise . That was the first time she was seeing me . I don't know whether she saw me or not because they see as a , as a kid who's one month , two months , they don't , they can't really see . Their vision isn't developed . But for the full five minutes , she was making noise . She was giggling and she was like , she has never done it . I don't know why she is doing , she even had a problem with that . Why is she doing it ? Why she never 
 Mandira Bedi: first you are not there now ? She's come . Why is she responding to you like 
 Dhoni: this ? So I think that was a priceless moment because whatever was said and done that first time when you see your newborn , you know , something happens , which is very difficult to describe in word . And from that till now she's 4.5 . And every , every time she comes in and she has a , a new question or answer . And the latest is uh you know , when , when you ask , OK , why do you love Papa ? Uh Papa is money . I don't know who taught her , but she is straight forward . She's like , why do you love Papa ? Because Papa is money . 
 Mandira Bedi: That priceless moment that gave you your first gray hair . Do you remember it ? 
 Dhoni: I think it started very early in our career . You know , because every game that you play when it comes to cricket , it may be your last game . You know . So like my fifth game was almost my last game . People say different things about it , but I not scored in the first four games . The fifth game after the game , there was a selection meeting that was held . So there's 99% chances coming from Biha Jharkhand , which was not very well known uh for cricket . If I had not scored in that game , I think 90% I would have been kicked out of the team which people say your 
 Mandira Bedi: first gray hair came , I 
 Dhoni: think probably , yeah , I think it's a good thing to have or get gray hair because it shows that you think about certain things in life . You do get stressed about things in life . But the amount of gray hair and beard that I've got , I think if I don't color my hair , I'll be like a b , that's how gray I am . You know . So . Really ? Yes . At 39 1 secret that he's 
 Mandira Bedi: just shared with us . 
 Dhoni: I have shared with a lot of people 
 Mandira Bedi: big round of applause and that's corny . Always straight from the heart . 